NARRATOR
Following a false start
the long anticipated moment
of Ash's Gym battle
against Clemont
at the Lumiose City Gym
has finally arrived.
[sighs]
Okay, let's do this for real.
[AGREEMENT]
‐ I'm all set.
‐ You'll be great.
And this time
there's no stopping you.
So lots of luck to both of you!
CLEMBOT 'I'm sorry to have
kept you waiting.'
I'm Ash Ketchum
from Pallet Town.
I've come here to win
my Lumiose City Gym badge.
CLEMBOT 'Your battle was
confirmed some time ago.'
I'm all set to go.
Yes. Shall we do this?
I'm ready for you, Ash.
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"The Moment of Lumiose Truth."
Now, come on out,
Braixen and Pancham.
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Dedenne, too!
Make sure you cheer
for Ash and Clemont.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[ANGRY]
Huh? You're not battling,
Chespin?
[AGREEMENT]
Then you can cheer
with all of us.
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Looks like I made it in time.
‐ Daddy?
‐ You came?
‐ It's Meyer!
I wanted to see what kind
of Gym Leader my boy is.
Now, Ash, I want you to give
my son everything you've got.
'Show me some honest‐to‐goodness
fireworks out there.'
Right! You bet I will!
I appreciate that, Ash.
Hold onto your hat, dad.
‐ Hmm.
‐ But don't forget.
I'm going to win
that Lumiose Gym badge!
[AGREEMENT]
Don't forget, since I left,
I've been training, too.
This won't be
a walk in the park.
That's one thing
you can count on.
You'll never forget this battle.
And you can count on that, too.
CLEMONT Clembot, I'd like you
to act as referee.
The Lumiose Gym battle
between Ash and Clemont
will now begin.
'This will be
a three‐on‐three match'
'and the battle will be over
when all three'
'of either Trainer's Pokémon
are unable to continue.'
'Only the challenger will be
allowed to make substitutions'
'during the match.'
And now, bring out
your first Pokémon.
We're all ready, so here it is.
Go, Bunnelby!
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Huh! Bunnelby, huh?
Alright. Pikachu, you're up!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Bunnelby against Pikachu.
That's quite a matchup
to start out with.
CLEMBOT
'And now, battle begin!'
Ash, here's to a good battle!
Right, there'll be
no holding back.
Now, Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Make a dust cloud
with your ears, Bunnelby!
[ATTACK]
[DETERMINED]
Oh, my, well done.
Now, Bunnelby, use Dig!
[DIG MOVE]
Pikachu, run and don't let
Bunnelby track you!
Now, Bunnelby!
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
[DETERMINED]
Wait, isn't this..
Alright, Pikachu, Quick Attack!
[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
[PAINED]
[ANGRY]
Bunnelby, Double Slap!
BUNNELBY/PIKACHU
[DOUBLE SLAP MOVE]/[SURPRISED]
[EXERTION]/[PAINED]
[ANGRY]
Iron Tail, let's go!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
Bunnelby,
catch it with your ears!
[EXERTION]
[CONFIDENT]
SERENA
'Incredible.'
Right, I totally forgot
you weren't there back then.
‐ Huh?
‐ They're the same moves!
BONNIE Yup, the same ones
Ash and Clemont
used in their battle
when we first met.
Of course, Team Rocket made
trouble, so they had to stop.
So, is this battle like
a continuation of that one?
‐ You could put it that way.
‐ Huh?
Now that I think of it,
this Gym battle did start
that first day.
[laughing]
I had a feeling
this might happen.
Well, you did manage to escape
with that Electro Ball
back then.
But it won't happen this time.
Use Wild Charge!
[WILD CHARGE MOVE]
Uh, Pikachu!
[PAINED]
Pikachu!
Now use Dig!
[DIG MOVE]
What?
[SURPRISED]
Look at that.
That's interesting.
‐ What?
‐ You see.
Wild Charge is a move
that causes recoil damage.
'By using Dig
right after Wild Charge'
'it avoids a counter attack
while taking that damage.'
So, Clemont planned it
as a combination?
Wow, Clemont. That's cool.
Pikachu, be careful!
Here it comes!
[ALARMED]/[PAINED]
[ANGRY]
Nice strategy, Clemont.
[Ash thinking] He wasn't kidding
when he said
he's done a lot of training
since he came back home.
[Clemont thinking] I've thought
about strategy a lot.
I know what I need
in order to take on
Ash and his unpredictable
battling style.
It's all about
analysis and planning.
This is about much more
than victory for me.
I want to bring out the best
in all my challengers.
Right, then I'm going to
show you my very best now!
Pikachu, use Quick Attack!
[QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
Dig, let's go!
[DIG MOVE]
Use Iron Tail!
Slam it on the ground!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
BUNNELBY
[PAINED]
Now Iron Tail one more time!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[PAINED]
[STUNNED]
Bunnelby!
CLEMBOT Bunnelby is unable to
battle. Pikachu is the winner!
Alright!
[AGREEMENT]
‐ That was amazing!
‐ Aw, I feel bad for Bunnelby.
Now, Bunnelby, return!
Well done, Bunnelby. Thank you.
We got the first one.
[AGREEMENT]
But now, things are really
gonna heat up.
Ash looks like
he's having a great time.
Mm, he's been looking forward
to this for a long time.
FENNEKIN/PANCHAM/CHESPIN
[CHEERING]/[ANGRY]
Here's Pokémon number two.
Come on out!
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Okay. Heliolisk.
Pikachu, return!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Alright, I choose you!
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Aha! So, Goodra's
your second Pokémon.
It's gotten really strong.
Go for it, Goodra and Heliolisk!
Good luck!
Okay, Heliolisk.
Now you're going to
have to really focus, okay?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Now, Goodra.
Go! Dragon Pulse!
[DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
Heliolisk, get moving!
[EXERTION]
GOODRA
[CONFUSED]
Heliolisk's moving differently
than before.
I'm getting dizzy.
Goodra, I warn you,
you can't possibly deal
with my Heliolisk's
incredible speed.
'Use Flash!'
[FLASH MOVE]
‐ What?
‐ Now, Dragon Tail!
[DRAGON TAIL MOVE]
[PAINED]
Oh!
[ALARMED]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Goodra!
GOODRA
[EXERTION]
Huh.
[EXCITED]
[TIRED]
Goodra, you okay?
[ANGRY]
Yes, let's go. Use Dragon Pulse!
[DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
Heliolisk, knock Goodra
off balance again!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
HELIOLISK
[EXERTION]
And now, use Thunder Wave!
[THUNDER WAVE MOVE]
‐ Oh, Goodra!
‐ Goodra's been paralyzed!
Ugh, Goodra, return.
Don't worry,
you'll get another shot.
So what will you do now, Ash?
[Ash thinking]
To beat Heliolisk,
I've got to match
speed with speed.
Okay. I choose you!
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Clever. Now it's a speed battle.
Hawlucha, use Karate Chop!
[KARATE CHOP MOVE]
Use Thunder Wave again!
[THUNDER WAVE MOVE]
[ATTACK]
HELIOLISK
[PAINED]
Ugh! Heliolisk!
[STRUGGLING]
[CONFIDENT]
Alright!
Heliolisk is also a Normal type
so it's weak
against Fighting‐type moves.
Can you still go on?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Parabolic Charge!
[PARABOLIC CHARGE MOVE]
Hawlucha, dodge it!
[EXERTION]
[shocked]
Hawlucha!
[ALARMED]
MEYER 'Parabolic Charge is
an attack that also heals.'
'So the damage Heliolisk took
is disappearing.'
We're not done yet!
Flying Press!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[FLYING PRESS MOVE]
Use Flash!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[FLASH MOVE]
Now, Parabolic Charge!
HELIOLISK/HAWLUCHA
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[SURPRISED]
[PARABOLIC CHARGE]
HAWLUCHA
[PAINED]
[explosion]
ASH
Hawlucha!
[SATISFIED]
Hold on.
Oh, got it!
HAWLUCHA
[TIRED]
HELIOLISK
[EXERTION]
Hawlucha, I think
I found an opening!
‐ Use Flash once again!
‐ Now lure it in!
[EXERTION]
Alright, Hawlucha,
High Jump Kick!
[HIGH JUMP KICK MOVE]
HELIOLISK
[PAINED]
Ah!
[STUNNED]
Heliolisk is unable to battle.
Hawlucha is the winner.
‐ Wow, Hawlucha is strong!
‐ Yay, Ash, way to go!
‐ Those sparks are flying now!
‐ That's two Pokémon!
HAWLUCHA/PIKACHU
[SURPRISED]/[EXCITED]
ASH
Way to go, Hawlucha!
[CONFIDENT]
Great job, Heliolisk.
Take a good rest.
You surprised me.
I really thought
I had you both on the ropes.
Tell me what
that opening you saw was.
‐ 'Its frills.'
‐ Huh? What about them?
You see, every time
Heliolisk uses an attack
it stops moving for a second.
'So all I had to do is watch
and wait for that to happen.'
‐ Huh.
‐ Huh!
It happens really fast
but with Hawlucha's speed,
we could pull it off.
And then, Hawlucha's
High Jump Kick did the rest.
Ugh, very clever.
As a Gym Leader, I thank you.
That's a very good thing
to remember.
Alright then, Ash.
My third and last Pokémon.
Luxray, you're up!
[APPEARING]/[AFFIRMATIVE]
So, Clemont
saved Luxray for last.
[AGREEMENT]
Hawlucha, are you still okay?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ Yes!
‐ Oh. Hm?
Alright, use Flying Press!
[FLYING PRESS MOVE]
‐ Oh!
‐ It hit!
Luxray, Electric Terrain!
[ELECTRIC TERRAIN MOVE]
Great strategy, son!
Electric Terrain powers up
all Electric‐type moves
'that are used
on the battlefield!'
BONNIE 'Does that mean Luxray's
got a big advantage?'
MEYER
'That's right.'
That won't stop us!
High Jump Kick!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Wild Charge, go!
[WILD CHARGE MOVE]
[IMPACT]
Look at all that power.
Electric Terrain made
that Wild Charge even stronger!
'That must have hurt.'
[PAINED]/[STUNNED]
CLEMBOT
'Hawlucha is unable to battle!'
'Luxray is the winner.'
[HAPPY]
Way to go, Luxray!
CHESPIN
[HAPPY]
With Electric Terrain,
what will Ash do now?
How'll he battle at all?
You were great, Hawlucha.
You deserve a good rest.
Okay, Pikachu?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]
Alright,
this battlefield's perfect
for both our Electric types!
Now show me how you're going
to use it to your advantage.
Whatever you say!
Now, Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Luxray, Thunder Fang!
Use it to bite
into Pikachu's Thunderbolt!
[THUNDER FANG MOVE]
‐ Oh, no!
‐ Now use Wild Charge!
[WILD CHARGE MOVE]
[SCARED]
[PAINED]
[ANGRY]
Swift, let's go!
[SWIFT MOVE]
Knock it back with Iron Tail!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[CONFIDENT]
Now, Luxray, use Wild Charge!
[WILD CHARGE]
[PAINED]
[STUNNED]
CLEMBOT
'Pikachu is unable to battle.'
'Luxray is the winner.'
‐ Hmm.
‐ That's two Pokémon each.
Pikachu. Oh!
[TIRED]
Thanks, buddy.
You go have a good rest.
Alright. Each of us
has just one Pokémon left.
This battle will decide
the whole thing.
'No matter what happens,
no hard feelings.'
Sure, but I'm going to win.
[Clemont thinking]
I'm really feeling conflicted.
I want to give Ash a badge,
but then again, I don't!
I don't know how I feel.
Except I want this battle
to go on and on.
Show me the real Ash.
All the way to the final move.
You can count on it.
Goodra! I choose you!
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Okay, let's do this!
CLEMONT Even Pikachu couldn't
win
on this electric
battlefield.
Goodra must still
feel that paralysis.
We'll just see what happens.
[Ash thinking]
Clemont's right.
Ah, so we'll make
the battlefield work for us.
‐ Huh!
‐ Use Rain Dance!
[RAIN DANCE MOVE]
[thunder rumbles]
CLEMONT
Huh!
Of course, you made it rain
to eliminate
all the electricity.
MEYER
Clever boy.
I'm afraid Clemont
got outsmarted on that one.
How come?
MEYER 'It's Goodra's Ability,
Hydration.'
'When it rains, it heals
Goodra's status condition.'
So you're saying
Ash planned for that?
It would seem so.
Now, Goodra, this is
the perfect battlefield for you!
So give it
everything you've got!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[Clemont thinking] Ash's
unpredictability wreaks havoc
with my carefully laid plans.
But I was waiting for this.
Ready?
I'm going to play it by ear!
Luxray. Swift, let's go!
[SWIFT MOVE]
Use your tail!
Knock them back!
GOODRA
[EXERTION]
Use Thunder Fang!
[Clemont thinking]
This will be all over soon.
[THUNDER FANG MOVE]
Goodra, Bide!
[BIDE MOVE]
[gasping]
What's Ash up to?
I'm surprised he's taking
such a passive stance.
[EXERTION]
[thinking] I want to keep
battling some more.
We'll just beat you before
your energy is released.
Now, Wild Charge, go!
[WILD CHARGE MOVE]
[IMPACT]
[ALARMED]
Alright, keep it going, Goodra!
Still hanging on?
In that case, use Swift!
[SWIFT MOVE]
[PAINED]
It's still hanging in there.
[ANGRY]
[Ash thinking] Man, I kind of
wish we could keep
this awesome battle going, too.
But it's time to win this
and get my badge!
Goodra, now let her rip!
[BIDE MOVE]
[PAINED]
‐ 'Ah!'
‐ Luxray! Ah!
[screaming]
[PANICKED]
[TIRED]
[STUNNED]
Luxray is unable to battle.
'Goodra is the winner.'
'Which means the match goes
to Ash of Pallet Town.'
We did it, Goodra!
[EXCITED]
Awesome! You were great!
[HAPPY]
[Ash laughing]
PIKACHU
[HAPPY]
‐ Hmm.
‐ That was some battle, Goodra!
Ash really won the match.
[sighs]
Clemont and his Pokémon
battled hard.
He's an amazing big brother.
Luxray, you were just great.
[ANNOYED]
CLEMONT
'Ash is incredible.'
I guess I still have
a lot to learn.
Thanks, Luxray!
Hmm.
Clemont, thanks a lot.
[chuckles]
I didn't do anything.
Mm‐hmm, you made it lots of fun.
What a great battle.
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Congratulations, Ash.
‐ Hey, thanks, Serena.
Wow, I never ever saw you
look so totally cool!
[chuckles]
Oh, Clemont,
that was a terrific battle.
I'm so happy to see
what a fine young man
you've become.
Well, Ash, we did
what we said we'd do.
I believe this
is what you wanted
This is proof of your victory
at the Lumiose Gym.
The Voltage Badge.
Ah!
[HAPPY]
Alright!
I got the Voltage Badge!
[EXCITED]
CLEMONT So this is your fifth
badge, isn't it?
‐ Yup.
‐ You know what that means.
MEYER
Only three more badges.
Then you can finally enter
the Kalos League.
ASH
Right!
So, where are you going
for your sixth badge?
‐ Have you decided?
‐ No, sir, not yet.
‐ In that case, how about here?
‐ Huh?
SERENA
'Ta‐da! Laverre City.'
'It'll be lots of fun.'
Uh, yeah, great!
We're going to
the Laverre City Gym!
[AGREEMENT]
Hey, son, you're going too,
aren't you?
‐ Of course, dad.
‐ Yippee!
My big brother's
traveling with us again.
Well, after all, you need me.
‐ Huh?
‐ Someone who's cool and calm.
Don't forget, you can become
quite the boisterous battler.
Guess you're right.
Are you sure you wanna
take a break from your Gym?
CLEMBOT
You have a great time.
Leave the Gym to me.
Thanks, Clembot.
Let's continue
on our journey together.
Alright?
Deal. Great to have you back.
‐ I'm in.
‐ Thanks.
Me, too! Me, too!
Me, too!
[AGREEMENT]
BONNIE We are one happy family.
Together forever!
ASH
'Bonnie! Serena! Clemont!'
Here we go!
[AGREEMENT]
[all cheering]
NARRATOR With Ash's Gym battle
against Clemont
resulting in his
fifth Kalos Gym badge
and with three badges
left for him to earn
our heroes' journey continues!
[theme music]